Added new link for course and free programming playgrounds (#9778)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [Data Structure And Algorithms Course | DSA Tutorial in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmGElG-9wxc9Us6IK6Qy-KHlG_F3IS6Q9) - ScoreShala
* [Data Structure Programs \| Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsFNQxKNzefJU-Sj__mljvrmJHZVKWbEm) - Saurabh Shukla
* [Data Structures and Algorithms Course in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9ahIappRPN0MCAgtOu3lQjQi) - CodeWithHarry

> * [Data Structures and Algorithms](https://youtu.be/AT14lCXuMKI?si=cubF_ZiTYJ1EfXcL) - Jenny's Lectures CS IT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Data Structures and Algorithms](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdo5W4Nhv31bbKJzrsKfMpo_grxuLl8LU) - Jenny's Lectures CS IT
```
